In 2001, with the governing body's approval, our brothers in France started using a variety
of methods to carry out our public witnessing, including the use of carts.
The trial resulted in many good experiences.
As a result, in 2011, a pilot project with cart witnessing in New York City, USA, was approved.
Since Manhattan and New York City had a ratio of one Jova's witness to 657 inhabitants,
this was a perfect choice. That was the beginning of a pilot program in Manhattan.
The program lasted one year, using many graduates from what was then the school for Christian
couples. Although different tables were used at the time, it was evident that a mobile card
had many advantages. As a result, today, Jova's witnesses are well known for their public witnessing,
using carts designed to display their literature. By means of this method, good news from the
Bible can be taken to many places and easily becomes available to countless people.
These carts include different posters that, call attention to our well-known publications,
invite people to accept free home Bible studies, and direct passers-by to our official website.
Here are just a few examples of how this method has had many good results.
My name is Mi Jong Yu. The first time I met Jova's witnesses was more than 20 years ago.
I started studying in the You Can Live Forever book, but about a month later, I had to stop studying.
After that, I would accept the magazines, but I never ended up studying the Bible again.
In June of 2014, though, I saw the public witnessing stand. I realized that it belonged to
Jova's witnesses. So many of the different publications they had caught my eye, so I asked if it
would be okay if I took a copy of each one. We ended up exchanging numbers, and a few weeks later,
the brother contacted me. I began studying the Bible again with the couple, and one month later,
started attending meetings regularly. I was baptized in October of 2015, and started
auxiliary pioneering right away for 10 months. Now I'm serving as a regular pioneer. Public
witnessing helped me find the truth, and it's a way for me to meet people that are interested
like I was. I have really come to cherish the public witnessing work.
My name is Rakob Salome. I work as a driver and spend most of my life traveling all over Peru.
Because of this, I had problems with the woman I was living with. I never spent time at home and
practically lived in the truck. I would see Jova's witnesses preaching on the streets near the buses,
but since I was always driving, I couldn't park or even talk to them.
But once I saw some witnesses preaching in a public square, so I went up to them to ask them what
the Bible says about family matters. This marked a change in my life. My girlfriend and I began
attending meetings, and then we got married, and got baptized. Now we are Jova's witnesses.
As Annie's and I were standing by our cart, we met Young Sudarshan. Annie showed him our
tract. Can the dead really live again? He was surprised and said, how is it possible?
When she explained to him, Acts 24-15, he exclaimed, I am a Christian. I never knew this.
I asked him, would you like to learn more about such wonderful things from the Bible? He asked,
can you tell me right now? There and then I discussed the first chapter of the
Teachbook. That's how it started. Sudarshan bought his friend Saga. Saga in turn brought Shiva
and Shrikant along. Three of them are attending our meetings regularly. Saga even turned down a
job offer that conflicted with Bible principles. One tract resulted in many Bible studies.
We can really see Jehovah's blessing on this form of public witnessing.